MFS Story

the player signs up for either the blue or red squad
blue:
You get recruited in Army and get to pick your weapons and after that some practice. After some time you get called by Heywood including new recruits with you too
You go inside a building and you see Heywood there. He is your leader as well as Combat trainer
When you go inside the building and see Heywood, he is already giving lessons to the New recruits (he grabs the pistol from new recruit then armlocks him and throws him on the floor) and says something really loud like "Do not hesitate to shoot first, understand ?!!" and every new recruit in the room say "Yes, sir !"
Then Heywood says "I can't hear you, Maggots !" and again Recruits say really loud "Yes, Sir !"
Then Heywood says something which i forgot :P and the first batch of recruit leave the building and Heywood looks at the 2nd batch which is us and Heywood says "Well, well, well, look what the cat dragged in"
Heywood walks around the group and stops right in front of Player (which is us) and says "You must be (put name here)"
Player says really loud "Yes, Sir !"
Heywood says "Calm down mister, no need to get loud in front of me"
and group laughs and Heywood says "Silence !"
Heywood: "Let's see what you got Sgt. or whtevr :P (which is us)"
Heywood and Player walks to the mat (where we get Hand-to-hand combat training)
Heywood : "Alright ! land your first punch, pussy"
Player throws his first punch but Heywood dodges and grab Player by fist and throws him across room
Player gets up and gets angry and throws another punch but Heywood laughs and says "Woah! we got a match !" and Heywood grabs him and drops Player on mat and Armlocks Player
Player again gets up and Heywood says "Your anger is your worst enemy, son"
Player kicks Heywood and Heywood sweeps Player and Heywood says "Control your anger !"
While Heywood is looking at the group and giving lesson with his back on Player
Player takes advantage and tries to attack Heywood but Heywood dodges again and grab Player from neck from behind and chokes him
and says "Beware of Backstabbers !"
After Heywood releases Player, they engage in a long hand-to-hand combat and Player defeats Heywood this time but dropping him on mat
Heywood : "Nicely done, Sgt.(put name here)"
Now Heywood gives a long speech and finally says "Next up, weapons training ! so grab your favorite gun and move"
Player (us) grabs a gun and steps up in a training area which is kinda like a small house with tight turns or rooms to clear in a specific time
After completing the area, Player runs up to Heywood and group to stop the timer and to set new record
If you break the record, Heywood says "And that's how you do it. Good job Sgt.(put name here)"
Heywood while little laugh says "Now who's ready for real-life combat, Eh ?" and puts Cigar in his mouth and lights it
[ Heywood's a bad-ass :P ] < ( this is not part of the script xD )
of course in a nutshell, Coffey is the enemy <i told him to make a story for chosing to be on Coffey's side xd
In Paris (or anywhere you like), Heywood sends Player and one of his own guy ( heywood's plus one :P ) to go and spy on Coffey's guys in a restaurant and get some kind of an information by listening their chat using spy tech (which is basically an ear piece but more advanced) Heywood is keeping an eye on Us from outside the restaurant in a car and suddenly cover blows and Coffey's guys know Heywood is spying on them and Heywood's guy walks out of the restaurant by saying "sit tight, i'll go and check"
As he goes out of the restaurant after 5 minutes, there's gunfire and Heywood's guy starts running away from Player and restaurant by louding saying "Jackrabbit (which is Player's codename) RUN !!!"
You turn around and you see Coffey's guy get up and takes out his gun and tries to shoot Player but Player ducks and shoots Coffey's guys (both of them) and people start screaming and running here and there
Player runs after Heywood's guy (put name here) and Player gets a radio call from him saying "I am hiding in our hotel room Coffey's guys are after me, come quickly"
Player gets inside hotel (stealth mission starts from here)
Player kills every one of Coffey's guy and rescue Heywood's guy and gets out of hotel and try to escape
Some time later you get a radio call saying "Sgt.(put name here) where are you ?"
Sgt.(put name here): I am at (put address here)
Radio: Hold tight, we are coming to get you
Sgt: Affirmative
Radio: Is BlackHawk (Heywood's codename) with you ?
Sgt: No......They.........They killed him
Radio: WHAT ?!
Sgt: Coffey knew we were undercover, he knew we were spying on him....He killed Heywood
.......................Terribly long story...............
Player and Coffey meet face to face finally and Player finally finds out that Coffey was half right about the the things he did and said
But player kills him anyway
Player is left alone...all his squad died and there is no one he can trust
Player receives a call from Unknown Number
Player: Who is this ?
red
:
== same continuation for blue
Gets hired to defeat Gabriel, an evil priest who wants to rebirth the world. The player is shown an ancient prophecy picture of how a special soldier comes to banish evil. Characters are semi aware of being in a computer world, sometimes call the player "special" and for being from the prophecy. the player never actually sees Gabriel doing something wrong but is told about it by his "former teacher", the high priest. Some time ahead the player gets captured by Gabriel and tries to attack him only to find out Gabriel is a type of demi-god, and  he says while blocking bullets or whatever(prolly cut scene) that the player is special, and is indeed for now the only thing that can stop him but that soon he will ascend beyond the level of the player and rule the game, to which the player is confused. Player escapes and eventually Gets to a place where Gabriel is starting his ascension, has a talk on how for far too long the world was ruled by simple mechanics and no free choices, but that a bug appeared in this exact spot and that his programming had no way to respond, it was blank and that his free will born from that and that now he's trully gonna be free. Player fails to stop the ascension and Bot Gabriel is added on top of npc Gabriel, boasts how he has gained the powers of and surpassed the player and is the new god of that world, soon that he will know whats the true meaning of it and whats beyond his world. To kill gabriel he has to be killed twice, before the bot him can respawn on top of the npc him, an epic fight starts but proves impossible and Gabriel uses cheat commands and all sorts of hacks, if the player dies early MFS crashes and gabriel "took it over", if not gabriel gets beaten down to npc mode only and chained by a special unpredicted weapon and by usage of a same console computer bug that was used to evolve him to a bot. Player sees comrades and the high priest comming from a distance and Gabriel starts to moan how his life's work is over, how he will never know and how he knew he would get beaten down but tried to escape fate and live free. With gabriel tied up on ur left side theres a knife and the console computer on the right. "This just doesnt feel right" and if the player goes to the pc, s secret ending and achievement starts, the player summons gabriel as a bot again and he gets suprised.. If not grabs the knife and stabs while a freeze moment with a tear coming from his eyes happends, if the player does nothing the ppl come and Gabriel is just in his npc form and this happends for cases:The high priest says that Gabriel was his only nuisance and that he had to be eliminated, thanks the player but says that everything from the players world only causes trouble here and that he will plunge the world into holy darkness to rebirth it clean from filthy false god's.  Player realises the high priest was framing Gabriel who has done nothing wrong, If gabriel is alive he comments how there is no true god who is actively participating in the world they are but that the player is the hand of god, high priest says hes insane and the fight starts.. If gabriel is dead the player has like 10% chance of wining and when he loses gets a message "the lack of proper judgement has caused the end for this world" unless he uses the console thing to summon a bot only gabriel and they manage to defeat the high priest together.. Full npc and bot gabriel destroys the priest and his machinery all alone and npc gabriel behaves as the bot but weaker and when won becomes a bot too and some kind of speech starts and a cut scene starts that shows Gabriel entering the real world and seeing the sun and people, walking... Credits